Stateful client (#46)
snaplet/docs: docs/04-references/snapshots.md

That's it! You've just created and restored your first snapshot.

## Restoring encrypted snapshots

> If you have encryption enabled in Snaplet Cloud and want to restore, you will need to provide us with a private key (generated with your public key) which you store in your `.snaplet/id_rsa` directory file. Your private key will be used to decrypt your table data.

Reviewer: We'll need to rework this sentence.

```suggestion
In order to decrypt snapshots (that were encrypted) you'll need to provide the private key. Store this file in `.snaplet/id_rsa` or use the `SNAPLET_PRIVATE_KEY` environmental variable.
```

Reviewer: @khaya-zulu Does `SNAPLET_PRIVATE_KEY` work?

Reviewer 2: No it isn't included
